docs/content/configuration.md, before:

---
title: 'Configuration'
---

> Note that in the preview releases, configuring the server is an advanced process that assumes some familiarity with editing configuration files yourself.
> This process will improve in future releases so it is only recommended to proceed if you are comfortable with that, and really need to.

## Configuration Files

The server will look for configuration in a handful of locations when it starts up, but it's recommended to use configuration files stored in the same directory as the server (i.e. the same folder where `BetaCensor.Server` is located).

You can use either JSON or YAML configuration files, which should be named `config.json` or `config.yml` respectively.

## Sticker Configuration

You can enable stickers and control their use using the `Stickers` section of the config file. You can either use the `config.yml`/`config.json` or use a separate `stickers.yml`/`stickers.json`. You can configure two kinds of locations for stickers: sticker stores and separate paths.

While this might seem a little complex, it should be easy to get set up once and means you can use any of your own images as stickers, no matter where they're stored.

### Stores

A "sticker store" is a folder with stickers for more than one category, with directories for each category available in the store. For example, a store might be laid out like this:

```text:no-line-numbers
C:/path/to/my/sticker/store
└───Professional
    │  squareprocap1.png
    │  squareprocap2.png
    │  squareprocap4.png
└───Chastity
    │  chastity_sticker1.png
    │  ch_sticker2.png
    │  ch_sticker3.png
```

You could add this store to your configuration like below, and it would make a `Professional` and `Chastity` category available.

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
Stickers:
  LocalStores: ['C:/path/to/my/sticker/store']
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "Stickers": {
        "LocalStores": ["C:/path/to/my/sticker/store"]
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

> If you have a Beta Safety installation handy, you can always add its `browser-extension/images/stickers` path as a store to Beta Censoring.

### Sticker Paths

If you just want to add some images with a specific category, you can do that too. The `Paths` configuration lets you add any number of folders, anywhere on your PC, as stickers for any category you like. For example, with the following configuration:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
Stickers:
  Paths:
    Discreet: ["C:/pictures/discreet-stickers"]
    Chastity: ["C:/pictures/chastity-stickers", "D:/downloads/stickers"]
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "Stickers": {
        "Paths": {
          "Discreet": ["C:/pictures/discreet-stickers"],
          "Chastity": ["C:/pictures/chastity-stickers", "D:/downloads/stickers"]
        }
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

Any images in any of the folders provided for a given category (`Discreet` and `Chastity` in the example above) will be merged together and used any time a client requests sticker censoring with those categories enabled.

You also don't need to worry about images being the exact right dimension! Beta Censoring will check the available images and find one that's aspect ratio is _close enough_ to the censoring it's being used for. While we recommend sticking mostly to square-ish images, you don't need to worry too much about the exact dimensions.

## Censoring Configuration

You can also fine-tune the censoring settings used by all clients using the server configuration file. You can separately adjust the minimum confidence (between 0 and 1) for Beta Censoring to censor a result from the AI, as well as tune the scores required for individual matches ('classes' as the AI calls them). For example, the default scores range from 0.4 to 0.55 (the default) up to 0.6 for some of the trickier covered classes. If you want to make the censoring more trigger-happy overall, you can adjust the `MinimumScore` option, like below:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
MatchOptions:
  MinimumScore: 0.4
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "MatchOptions": {
        "MinimumScore": 0.4
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

or if you just want to make it _much_ more likely to censor specifically breasts (either covered or exposed) you could use the following:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
MatchOptions:
  ClassScores:
    EXPOSED_BREAST_F: 0.35
    COVERED_BREAST_F: 0.45
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "MatchOptions": {
        "ClassScores": {
          "EXPOSED_BREAST_F": 0.35,
          "COVERED_BREAST_F": 0.45
        }
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

You can provide class-specific scores for any of the [classes supported by the NudeNet model](https://github.com/notAI-tech/NudeNet#nudenet-neural-nets-for-nudity-classification-detection-and-selective-censoring).

## Server Configuration

If you're looking to tweak how the server itself works, the most useful configuration block is the `Server` block. When not specified, the default is equivalent to the following:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
Server:
  WorkerCount: 2
  EnableSignalR: true
  EnableRest: true
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "Server": {
        "WorkerCount": 2,
        "EnableSignalR": true,
        "EnableRest": true
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

### Worker Configuration

It may be tempting to dramatically increase the `WorkerCount` setting to get more workers censoring images at once, but this is not usually a good idea.

Increasing the worker count will **dramatically** increase the load on your PC while censoring. Additionally, adding more workers actually has the potential to _slow down_ censoring, especially if you add more workers than your PC can reasonably run at once. A reasonable rule of thumb is to use half the number of cores your CPU has. If you're okay with things *really* slowing down during censoring, you can try going as high as the number of cores, but it's **strongly recommended** to not go above this number.

Commit message:

Add Sticker summary/preview components; Added to new Config host page; Refactored host page/script/manifest handling; Add default content-root-based sticker store; Allow loading MatchOptions from configuration; Update CensorCore to latest;

docs/content/configuration.md, after:

---
title: 'Configuration'
---

> Note that in the preview releases, configuring the server is an advanced process that assumes some familiarity with editing configuration files yourself.
> This process will hopefully improve in future releases so it is only recommended to proceed if you are comfortable with that, and really need to.

## Configuration Files

The server will look for configuration in a handful of locations when it starts up, but it's recommended to use configuration files stored in the same directory as the server (i.e. the same folder where `BetaCensor.Server` is located).

You can use either JSON or YAML configuration files, which should be named `config.json` or `config.yml` respectively.

## Sticker Configuration

You can enable stickers and control their use using the `Stickers` section of the config file. You can either use the `config.yml`/`config.json` or use a separate `stickers.yml`/`stickers.json`. You can configure two kinds of locations for stickers: sticker stores and separate paths.

While this might seem a little complex, it should be easy to get set up once and means you can use any of your own images as stickers, no matter where they're stored.

### Stores

A "sticker store" is a folder with stickers for more than one category, with directories for each category available in the store. For example, a store might be laid out like this:

```text:no-line-numbers
C:/path/to/my/sticker/store
└───Professional
    │  squareprocap1.png
    │  squareprocap2.png
    │  squareprocap4.png
└───Chastity
    │  chastity_sticker1.png
    │  ch_sticker2.png
    │  ch_sticker3.png
```

#### Default Store

Beta Censoring looks for a default store at the `stickers/` path from the server folder. That is, if there's a folder called `stickers` in the same place as `BetaCensor.Server.exe`, Beta Censoring will automatically load any subfolders in that folder as categories of stickers.

#### Configuration

You can also add sticker stores to your configuration like below, and it would make a `Professional` and `Chastity` category available.

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
Stickers:
  LocalStores: ['C:/path/to/my/sticker/store']
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "Stickers": {
        "LocalStores": ["C:/path/to/my/sticker/store"]
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

> If you have a Beta Safety installation handy, you can always add its `browser-extension/images/stickers` path as a store to Beta Censoring.

### Sticker Paths

If you just want to add some images with a specific category without moving/copying them, you can do that too. The `Paths` configuration lets you add any number of folders, anywhere on your PC, as stickers for any category you like. For example, with the following configuration:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
Stickers:
  Paths:
    Discreet: ["C:/pictures/discreet-stickers"]
    Chastity: ["C:/pictures/chastity-stickers", "D:/downloads/stickers"]
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "Stickers": {
        "Paths": {
          "Discreet": ["C:/pictures/discreet-stickers"],
          "Chastity": ["C:/pictures/chastity-stickers", "D:/downloads/stickers"]
        }
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

Any images in any of the folders provided for a given category (`Discreet` and `Chastity` in the example above) will be merged together and used any time a client requests sticker censoring with those categories enabled.

You also don't need to worry about images being the exact right dimension! Beta Censoring will check the available images and find one that's aspect ratio is _close enough_ to the censoring it's being used for. While we recommend sticking mostly to square-ish images, you don't need to worry too much about the exact dimensions.

## Censoring Configuration

You can also fine-tune the censoring settings used by all clients using the server configuration file. You can separately adjust the minimum confidence (between 0 and 1) for Beta Censoring to censor a result from the AI, as well as tune the scores required for individual matches ('classes' as the AI calls them). For example, the default scores range from 0.4 to 0.55 (the default) up to 0.6 for some of the trickier covered classes. If you want to make the censoring more trigger-happy overall, you can adjust the `MinimumScore` option, like below:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
MatchOptions:
  MinimumScore: 0.4
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "MatchOptions": {
        "MinimumScore": 0.4
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

or if you just want to make it _much_ more likely to censor specifically breasts (either covered or exposed) you could use the following:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
MatchOptions:
  ClassScores:
    EXPOSED_BREAST_F: 0.35
    COVERED_BREAST_F: 0.45
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "MatchOptions": {
        "ClassScores": {
          "EXPOSED_BREAST_F": 0.35,
          "COVERED_BREAST_F": 0.45
        }
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

You can provide class-specific scores for any of the [classes supported by the NudeNet model](https://github.com/notAI-tech/NudeNet#nudenet-neural-nets-for-nudity-classification-detection-and-selective-censoring).

## Server Configuration

If you're looking to tweak how the server itself works, the most useful configuration block is the `Server` block. When not specified, the default is equivalent to the following:

<CodeGroup>
  <CodeGroupItem title="YAML" active>

```yaml
Server:
  WorkerCount: 2
  EnableSignalR: true
  EnableRest: true
```

  </CodeGroupItem>

  <CodeGroupItem title="JSON">

```json
{
    "Server": {
        "WorkerCount": 2,
        "EnableSignalR": true,
        "EnableRest": true
    }
}
```

  </CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

### Worker Configuration

It may be tempting to dramatically increase the `WorkerCount` setting to get more workers censoring images at once, but this is not usually a good idea.

Increasing the worker count will **dramatically** increase the load on your PC while censoring. Additionally, adding more workers actually has the potential to _slow down_ censoring, especially if you add more workers than your PC can reasonably run at once. A reasonable rule of thumb is to use half the number of cores your CPU has. If you're okay with things *really* slowing down during censoring, you can try going as high as the number of cores, but it's **strongly recommended** to not go above this number.
